## Week 2

### Cathedral vs. Bazaar
**The Cathedral Model** — Refers to the software development process whereby indivual or small groups of developers work in coordianation on a product. There's long gaps between releases and the final result is, in theory, polished, but there may be large bugs still present.
**The Bazaar Model** — In contrast to the Cathedral Model, the Bazaar Model is when a large community of individual developers work with different aspirations and motivations each work on their own small parts of a larger project. There are frequent releases and the bugs tend to be less catastropic, and are more quickly fixed, when they do appear. 

As controversial as it might be for this class, I prefer the Cathedral Model. I think a group of programmers whose job it is to work on a single product is where I would fit in better. Working day in and day out with a team on making one thing really spectacular is what appeals to me most.

### Two Lessons
1. **Rule 13** – *Perfection (in design) is acheived not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away.* This rule emphasizes that good code is simple and efficent. Sometimes the best improvements come from simplifying existing code instead of adding new features.  

2. **Rule 18** — *To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you.* Projects benefit tremendously by having engaged and interested programmers. Relating to open source, developers are much more likely to contribute to a project if it interests them. A community of interested people is how large open source projects like Linux grow and stay stable.

