---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### Humanitarian Open Source Projects
*Humanitarian: "relating to or characteristic of people who work to improve the lives and living conditions of other people"*

I think that almost any software project can be considered humanintarian. Software is typically developed to fix a problem. A developer can point to some aspect of their own workflow that needs improving, or they can observe an inefficiency that others face, and then try to develop a program or algorithm that mitigiates this problem in part or in whole. Some projects even arise from hunches about where the future is headed. Steve Jobs is quoted as saying:

*“Some people say, "Give the customers what they want." But that's not my approach. Our job is to figure out what they're going to want before they do. I think Henry Ford once said, "If I'd asked customers what they wanted, they would have told me, 'A faster horse!'" People don't know what they want until you show it to them. That's why I never rely on market research. Our task is to read things that are not yet on the page.”*

Hyperbole aside, this quote illustrates that one person (or company) can make a product (hard or soft) that improves the living conditions of other people. So while open source projects like Firefox help people connect to the web for free, I think it's important not to overlook how beneficial to humanity the inventions of Steve Jobs and Henry Ford were. For another example, more than 90% of NYU students use either Windows or Mac computers-hardware sold by multinational corportations with wide profit margins. But it's these very same closed source products that have connected billions of people to the internet and led to new tehnologies that have increased the efficienies of almost every profession on earth, have helped people live longer and healthier, and has made staying in touch with loved ones easier than at any point in human history. In this sense, people like Steve Jobs and Bill Gates are, in fact, humanitarians, and it's why I think almost any software project can be considered a humanitarian venture. 


### Group Project Progress




### My Contributions this Week
