---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What types of things are you looking for when you select an open source  project to work on?
When looking for an open source project to work on I check the discussions on bugs. If commenters use super-technical jargon or reference concepts much more advanced than I understand, I'll keep looking. The ideal discussion would have a not-overwhelimng amount of new concepts that I teach myself. 

### What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (what are your strengths)
I have experience with Python, Java, and C. I'm good at formatting and/or reorganizing code to make it more readable. 


### What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?
I'm hoping to learn more about how to behave in a collaborative open source environment. Most projects have friendly communities, but I still feel like their are certain norms and conventions I'll need to get used to. Additionally, I hope to learn more about the ins and outs of using GitHub.

### What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning  to work on an open source project? 
I'm most worried that I'll make a pull request that isn't accepted or that I'll claim an issue I don't know how to fix. If the project has a supportive community this shouldn't be too bad, but I'm still worried nonetheless. 


### Questions for Aurelia 
1. How much of Mozilla's workforce is focused on the web browser and how many work on unique othe projects like Mozilla Science Lab?

2. How much cartography do you use in your day-to-day work at Mozilla?
