## Week 1

### Open Source
Before taking this class, when I heard the term "open source" I thought of software that is worked on by disparate groups of people and available for free. After the first class I learned the reality is more complicated.

Some advantages of open source projects are the ease with which anyone can submit improvements that might get included in future builds, and the fact that most are available for free. Comparatively, closed source projects, while they might be more expensive, are often more secure since the source code is private. 

#### Projects
1. **Postbox** - This is an email app based on Thunderbird. I'm not sure if the current release is still open source but the earlier releases were. (The company was started by a group of former Mozilla developers). I use Postbox since it's got a clean looking interface and good support for different email hosting services. There are tons of alternative open and closed source email apps.
2. **Ubuntu** - We use Ubuntu in CSO to ensure that every student is running the same operating system and has the right memory specifications. We were given a pretty bare bones virtual machine but there are a lot of other options out there.
3. **LaTeX** - My discrete math professor had us write proofs in LaTeX. It's based on the open source text formatter TeX. There's a very small learning curve but once you learn the syntax it's great for writing equations. Any text editor or word processor could serve as a replacement, but unless you use a tool like MathType it probably won't interact with equations as well.
4. **Python** - Python is open source! I've used this programming language in a many classes. There's almost too many other open and closed source programming languages to count. 

#### Questions for Tom
1. Can you tell us about some of RedHat's enterprise clients?
2. How does RedHat guarantee consistenly high uptime?
